Dare to gnaw wild when you are about to die
It's useless to talk too much
I will let him know.
What will happen if you offend my Xiao family?
If the old man dies of extreme shock
Now, the psychological market also has this sudden male red.
It's impossible to think it has something to do with poisoning
Wei Yuanyuan, although he is old
But the body can always
Impossible to close down
It was him who poisoned my blood
Brother Gao, don't worry.
We will definitely avenge Lu Mei
Dealing with you can convict me of being drunk
Before that
I have repeatedly emphasized that this unicorn cannot be cut
The way of heaven cannot be violated
And he, the Lu family, is obsessed
Against the sky
The hand of God
Kirin Taboo
His own death has nothing to do with me
You bastard is still quibbling
If you kill me, am I going to kill you?
Brother Zhao's guilt will be determined
If you do it yourself
Will be guilty of the same crime as him
In the name of the god of war in the temple of heaven
Trial you
Sentence you to death